Fix import in module_api module and docs on the new check_event_for_spam signature (#12918)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/modules/spam_checker_callbacks.md

### `check_event_for_spam`

_First introduced in Synapse v1.37.0_

_Changed in Synapse v1.60.0: `synapse.module_api.NOT_SPAM` and `synapse.module_api.errors.Codes` can be returned by this callback. Returning a boolean or a string is now deprecated._ 

```python
async def check_event_for_spam(event: "synapse.module_api.EventBase") -> Union["synapse.module_api.NOT_SPAM", "synapse.module_api.errors.Codes", str, bool]
```

> Called when receiving an event from a client or via federation. The callback must return either:

Reviewer: "either" suggests only two options; there are five here!

```suggestion
Called when receiving an event from a client or via federation. The callback must return one of:
```

  - `synapse.module_api.NOT_SPAM`, to allow the operation. Other callbacks may still 
    decide to reject it.
  - `synapse.module_api.errors.Codes` to reject the operation with an error code. In case
    of doubt, `synapse.module_api.errors.Codes.FORBIDDEN` is a good error code.

>   - (deprecated) a `str` to reject the operation and specify an error message. Note that clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - (deprecated) a non-`Codes` `str` to reject the operation and specify an error message. Note that clients
```

values in `Codes` are also `str`s
